>> Sarah Drasner: So,
let's talk about tools.
Everybody likes tools.
I like tools.
They make our lives easier.
On Dribble, you can steal palettes.
You see that little drop right there?
There's like a little drop, and you can
click that, and you can download it, and
you can import it right into Photoshop and
a bunch of swatches appear, and
then you can just steal
other people's palettes.
Awesome, you can also click on one
of the colors and bring up color
palettes of like a spectrum of designs
that work within those color parts.
So, if you are like I wanna see
everything in this type of blue,
show me that and
it can just show you that, especially for
a lot of us, we don't get to decide
what our brand color is, right?
You can't come into a giant application,
you have a brand color.
What you can make me a new
design from scratch but
you've got a brand color
that you're working with.
So this is a kinda nice tool to see what
other combinations people are making.
What other accents people are using
with that color in particular.
It's pretty cool.
This is my favorite,
especially for side projects.
For side projects that
I'm working on alone,
I'm not super great at
building color palettes.
I just go to colors and keep hitting the
thing until I find something that I like.
And even once you steal a color palette,
I keep saying the word steal,
they're yours, it's fine to use them.
It's not like you're gonna go to jail or
anything.
[LAUGH]
Once you have a color palette, you'll
probably deviate from it a little bit but
I would never make this color palette.
This is awesome, look that yellow
like that yellow fits, it's awesome,
it works but I would never
think to make this by myself.
So you can kinda just keep hitting,
I'm hitting the space bar, and
you can kinda keep hitting the space bar.
But let say I come across this and
I'm like I like everything,
except I don't like that brown.
It's like lock all of these and then
just change that one color if I want to.
Let's say I like that,
I can go to Export and
it gives me all of these different options
like SVG, URL, PNG, PDF, blah, blah, blah.
Awesome, I can also decide, I really
like this but it's a bit too bright for
my liking.
Actually on my screen,
it's bright, it's not bright here.
I could say like I wanna
bring that saturation down.
Like I wanna bring the brightness up and
they have all of these little
slider thingies.
Pretty cool?
Like you can just keep working with this
until you have something that you like.
Especially if you don't
know where to start.
And that's why I say for
side projects because usually for
other kind of projects,
you are starting with some base colors.
But if you're working alone,
you might not know where to begin and
that's not a really good place to be in.
So Paletton is a really nice one.
Paletton is kind of like what we saw
before with the colors, Adobe Color CC or
whatever they call it now, cooler.
It will always be cooler in my mind.
But what it allows you to do is build
up a palette based on some proportion.
So let's say you want mostly blue,
you can add
monochromatic, you can see all of
those ones on the top and the left.
It's allowing you to
decide between amalgous,
triad, compound,
all of those kind of things.
But then you can kind of build
a palette up in this square.
So say I just need a little
bit of this one color but
I need a lot of this color and
it will give you shades.
If it takes up more of that color,
then it'll give you more shades
that are kind of in that range too.
So, pretty cool.
So yeah, you can switch it up say,
triadic and
then it'll show you the kind of allow
you to build up the palette that way.
Like we showed you before, that color,
Adobe Color CC also allows you to build
up palettes that way and save them.
My friend Tim Holman made this, Palettab.
So if you don't have any like,
when you have a new tab,
you're not using some fancy extension,
you can use Palettab.
And every time you open up a new tab
on your browser, it will show you a new
color palette and it will also
show you some fonts and stuff.
So, you could just, every time be like
that's a kind of cool one and steal those.
So, Adobe Capture is pretty
cool because what you do is you
load in a photo that has colors that you
like, so sometimes you see an image and
you're like that's got a really
cool palette but I don't know why.
[LAUGH] I don't know why I like this.
I just know I like this.
So you can put it into Adobe capture and
it will analyze the photo using machine
learning and pick out different colors.
But the other thing it does is
allows you to pick out moods.
So if I'm using this on that flower,
I could say I'm in a happy mood, so
it'll pick some of the brighter colors.
I want like dark mood or moody mood, and
it will kinda pick out some of
the darker colors in there.
So you can kind of,
even though it's picking out
a color palette within that thing,
you can keep adjusting from that one image
until you find a palette that you like.
>> Sarah Drasner: For gradients, I always
use ultimate CSS gradient generator.
This is like a really,
really old tool that I've never given
up on because I really like it.
And it's not great for
finding a gradient but
if you already have two colors and
you need to make a CSS gradient,
it outputs the code for it really nicely
and gives you fallback and sorts of stuff.
If you need to find the gradient,
use UI gradients.
UI gradients is really nice.
Basically, it's the same thing as coolers,
where you hit the space bar,
hit the space bar,
just keep finding gradients.
Or you can pull down show all gradients
and it'll show you all of these gradients.
Gradients can be a really nice
way of sprucing up designs and
making them look really beautiful as well.